I mean I would say we've been really
great teammates especially tonight you
know we share the ball we gotta run the
floor would play a great defense we help
each other we're helping the second half
from Kobe because he been he's been hot
the first half so you know ball team you
know d-wheel scored first get back get
some rebounds for us veronique you did a
great job defensively those cats paul
got rebounds and all those hustle plays
you know it's it's everybody no I can't
really pick one guy Boone and I were
saying fest is gonna remember his NBA
game he got 6 and 6 plus 2 stitches to
go with it over his right eye well it's
part of it you know how many scratches I
got I'm like a kid niteline let me what
we understand you didn't have a great
morning this morning shooting the
basketball and he had five field goals
tonight and where's you at the energy
from well you know Carlos Boozer memo
day out and we really needed to step up
you know not particular guys but as a
team you know because they're great
leaders for us we really miss them but
you know like as great team and you know
we need to really resist somehow and I
think we did a pretty good job tonight
well we thought that you were we were
hoping anyway that you would have a good
night shooting the basketball from the
perimeter and from what we understand
that wasn't the case this morning I mean
you just couldn't make any jump shots
this man well you know it's it's always
complicated you know sometimes you can't
even warm up you couldn't you couldn't
make a shot you're going to the game you
couldn't miss and vice versa you know so
i think i think we get 3 g'night you
know we make some shots but me some
shots it wasn't too bad Andre
congratulations nearly the five by fight
the triple-double terrific play thanks
for coming by thank you all right there
you go guys on Drake Andrei Kirilenko
tonight
doing it all Deron Williams chips into
career-high 35 big win for the Jazz and
they close out the month of December and
they go back on the floor Monday against
Shaq d wade in the heat guys let's go
back upstairs all right thanks a lot
bowler and booter that's it